hey focus market Orion what USA calm and
this is the blue makeup Fe M six five
zero zero to D W now this watch is
possibly the most important watch that
Oren has produced for the American
market because it really fits all the
things that you really want in a divers
watch let's take a look just at the
design in the very beginning okay the
one thing I do want to show you from the
very beginning is that beautiful blue
dial if you ask me it's probably the the
major reason why I believe this watch
sells a little better than the black
variations because of this dial and you
notice that the bezel that they use the
color of it really allows the watch to
look a little bigger than it actually
sits on them on your wrist which is a
big plus and let's talk about the
movement the movement is an in-house
orient movement the caliber is four six
nine four three and let's take a look at
the front of the watch which means that
it does three hands per time it has a
day indication along with date now these
three are the core functionalities of
this watch and just so you know the four
six nine caliber
now this has been a whore movement for
Orion they produce over 100 million of
these movements so you can imagine and
after 63 years you can imagine they got
pretty good at it which is the reason
why a lot of people say online that it's
just one of the most accurate watches
out of the box now let's go back to the
watch components and let's take a look
at each little part now the crown is a
screw down
and if you look around the 2 o'clock
position there's also another screw down
what looks like crown what what it is
it's a knob so that you can pivot the
day wheel okay so this case that you're
looking at is 41 25 millimeters in
diameter and is 13 millimeters thick
you're looking at a 60 click
unidirectional bezel now the
unidirectional bezel means it only turns
one way which is absolutely normal for a
divers type watch let's take a look at
this band and as you can see it's got a
very very nice sporty feel to it it's
what they call an oyster band and it's
connected with a class that has a safety
on it along with two buttons and it
folds by design alright folks so this is
marked with orient watch us a bow calm
with fvm six five zero zero two DW hope
to see you wearing one soon
you